Create pulse-catcher.rst (#4782)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: cookbook/pulse-catcher.rst

Pulse Catcher
=============

.. seo::
    :description: Example to use the pulse meter sensor as a pulse catcher.
    :image: pulses.png

> The ``pulse_meter`` sensor can be used as a very fast pulse catcher. This can be useful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :doc:`/components/sensor/pulse_meter` can be used as a very fast pulse catcher. This can be useful
```

> if you would like to detect an incoming pulse on a GPIO pin shorter than the usually around 16ms loop time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if you would like to detect an incoming pulse on a GPIO pin shorter than the typical ``16ms`` loop interval.
```
